= superfeedr-ruby

Yes, the gem is called superfeedr-ruby, but the library is superfeedr only ;)

{Superfeedr.com}[http://superfeedr.com] is a Real-time Cloud Feed Parsing service

* *Realtime* : By combining different technologies we can notify you of new entries in less than 15 minutes (or it's free)
* *No* *more* *polling* : Stop wasting your time and resources fetching 'old data', and stop being late when there is new data.
* *Simplicity* : give us urls, and we'll do the rest. Check our docs and tutorials.
* *Standardization* : No more nightmares with gazillions of formats, we will send you strict ATOM, whatever the original feed format is.
* *Multi*-*channel* : receive the notifications by XMPP, on a local JID or your own external JID, or using WebHooks.
* *Cost* *saving* : we will match the cost of your existing system.

== FEATURES:

* Subscribe to a feed

    Superfeedr.subscribe("http://github.com/superfeedr.atom") do |result|
        puts "Yay, subscribed to the github Atom feed for Superfeedr" if result
    end
      
* Unsubscribe from a feed
    
    Superfeedr.unsubscribe("http://github.com/superfeedr.atom") do |result|
        puts "Sad, you unsubscribed from the github Atom feed for Superfeedr" if result
    end

* List subscriptions by page
    
    Superfeedr.subscriptions(5) do |page, feeds|
        puts "On page #{page}" : 
        puts feeds.inspect
      end

* Receive notifications 

    Superfeedr.on_notification do |notification|
        puts "The feed #{notification.feed_url} has been fetched (#{notification.http_status}: #{notification.message_status}) and will be fetched again in #{(notification.next_fetch - Time.now)/60} minutes."
        notification.entries.each do |e|
            puts " - #{e.title} (#{e.link}) was published (#{e.published}) with #{e.unique_id} as unique id : \n #{e.summary} (#{e.chunk}/#{e.chunks})"
        end
    end

== Install

Install the gem from Github :

    gem sources -a http://gems.github.com
    sudo gem install superfeedr-superfeedr-ruby

Source : 
    
    git clone git@github.com:superfeedr/superfeedr-ruby.git  


== Example

Please see this {Gist}[http://gist.github.com/110247] while I am trying to find a way to integrate it into this document ;)


== REQUIREMENTS:

{Skates}[http://github.com/julien51/skates/tree/master] : please note that there are 2 gems named Baylon. The one you want is the one about XMPP, you can get it with :
    
    sudo gem install skates

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 julien. See LICENSE for details.
